hey people welcome I am
daniel from daniels foto.com and today
I want you again the difference
between the different hd first
fell the canon 5d mark 3 we show
now have the background here
setting sun movie I do with
a canon 5d mark 2 and the 40mm 28
ds tm in front of us we have the canon 5d
market 3 with the 24 to 70 mm 28 l usm
and let's start directly so that
my settings are just what we have
here 160 shutter speed aperture 8 and iso
100 and then we catch directly too
ever we go then hdr
let on adr plus two stop wehrmann
the effect on natural and then want
every recording we speak every time
will press the trigger immediately
makes the camera a gentleman dr
and we only keep the hdr
picture and focused i am up
the tree in front of me
Now I'll go to m so speak
Now I have the focus on manual
set sat
the self-timer one to two seconds
and then we start
she made three pictures and now
Let's take a look at the result
on
yes, that would be reasonably acceptable
I say watch us stirring the next one
Style on
I'll go in with the closing time
bit down on one
hundredth
it will also darker and vote now
we have the standard effect
yes that looks okay too
So I set now the focus of the 5d
on the background and I'm the same
back so you love i'm back
Now you see how the back
we look forward to continue with
the other hdr style in the case will be
be the saturated one
The closing time we open now
80 because it is getting darker and darker
continues
made three pictures
that looks very good, especially because
we still have the green field at the front
clouds above
yes that's pretty good I'm going now
also a fiftieth respectively
on a 3 system how we all that
just a little too dark
Now we go to the distinctive filter
and on you go
so the look a bit for example
Dreamy from I say something real
but not bad at least
then we look at the last filter
I think I have it so far
not seen but i would say that
Least of all fits this
situation because I've been talking
or talked about this is this
This filter is succinct that fits
rather to the architecture photography would
I say still make picture and
look at us all the time
yes, the picture has something but for
everything affects me depending on the situation
completely wrong I say
looks so very grubby and that
just does not fit the situation
That's why I would filter the last one
not incisive in such a situation
recommend so I have shown you now
anyway the filters i hope it has
I liked you
help and see you next time